How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?                                                                                                             Adhering to industry standards and commonly used solutions for every day problems is one of the ways I approach writing programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable.  Making sure that proper whitespace for readability and short but precise code comments, as well as creating a separate module for database logic allowed me or future programmers edit and adapt code used within a project for potential changes, updates, or reuse for something else with ease.  Separating the CRUD functions from the dashboard projects allowed me to use it across the entire course for all of the assignments without having to recreate the functions within each dash project. 
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?                                                                                      I like to sprint to a functioning product that meets the customer requirements and then test as if I were a user to find areas that need attention.  I try to consider problems that may arise for anyone using the final product and make sure that I leave no stone unturned.  While Grazioso Salvare requested that a map and a pie chart were shown without any further requirments, I felt that maybe centering the map and pie chart as well as limiting the pie chart results to 10 would be a way to create a more polished finished product.  I also went through each filter and sort function to make sure no errors were returned and the dashboard itself didn't crash. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?                                                             Computer Scientists design and build software that helps people solve a problem that they may have in a real world scenario.  For Grazioso Slavare, they needed a way to search the Austin Animal Shelter database in a user friendly way. This is important work and matters because as the world gets larger, our problems get larger and if not for computers and computer scientists... solving these problems would happen at a snail's pace.  
